Tickling balls anyway. Yeah. So the Chris Christie thing. Yeah. So,
um, in Politicon he's what, what was he doing exactly. There you are.
Yeah. You want, you could play it if you want. Okay. Place.
That Kyle questions. Chris Christie, anti.
Hello, go. First of all, I wanna say thank you for single handedly,
destroying little.
I think I watched that clip like 40 times over and got anybody.
Could you pause that for a second? I just wanna explain that to Joe.
I don't know if you know what I'm referencing there, but, uh,
during the Republican primary,
there was one debate where Chris Christie just totally destroyed Marco Rubio's
chances at becoming president because he kept repeating himself over and over
given the same talking points.
And Chris Christie pointed that out and then Marco Rubio did it again.
And Chris Christie was like, there he goes again. There he goes again.
And the room exploded and it was that interaction where everybody where Rubio
tanked in the polls and finished him off.
So my strategy with Christie was I'm gonna start this off by giving him credit
on something to disarm him,
and then I'm gonna hit him with the real question for very smart.
Um, my question is in regard to the opioid epidemic, I know that, uh,
you care deeply about that. In fact,
you've gone as far as to call the needs of our generation. Um,
there,
according to two studies in the journal of the American medical association,
legal recreational marijuana would help fight the opioid epidemic.
<affirmative> so knowing that and knowing that 62% of Americans now favor,
favor, full legalization. Why not come out in support of it? Yeah.
Cause it's wrong.
So.
Let it play out, let it play out. Okay. I can.
Cite you epidemiological studies from both Harvard medical school and
from Stanford to tell you you the exact opposite.
Okay. Pause right there. Pause right there.
This giant problems with epidemiology studies and he should know that. Yeah.
So my studies were better studies. Yeah, for sure. Epidemiology studies,
you know, they're basically like questionnaires, you know, you don't,
you don't take into account all sorts of other issues that these people do in
their lives. And also like when you,
when you're dealing with those kind of studies,
a person could be doing marijuana, but also be drinking a lot,
but also be doing other things. Yeah. So if the,
if what the argument is is that it's a gateway drug.
The only way that argument works is if you somehow or another
tracked someone and saw that marijuana made them change their opinion in,
on doing other drugs. Cuz a lot of these people are just doing drugs. Yeah.
And they do marijuana as well. So they say, look,
we've showed these through these epidemiology studies,
that marijuana is a gateway drug because they started smoking marijuana.
And then they went to do heroin. They probably gonna do heroin anyway. Yeah,
exactly. That's really what's going on. There's no gateway drug drug.
That whole idea has been dismissed.
That's like saying water is a gateway drug to rape <laugh> cause every rapist,
drinks, water, you know, it really is the, almost that stupid. So.
Do you think that when there was a little bit of applause cuz he answered me
quickly. Yeah.
Do you think that that beginning of the applause was for my question or for him,
him saying no in response a hundred percent for you. Okay.
Cause we were debating that. I wasn't sure. Um.
No. Do it again. Play it again. It's really clear.
Why not come out in support of it? Yeah. It's wrong.
I couldn't tell epidemiological studies from both Harvard medical school,
let's hear this.
And from Stanford that tell you the exact opposite and say that marijuana is
still a gateway drug and that people who try marijuana between the ages of 14
or, and 18 are three times more likely,
three times more likely to try opioid or methamphetamines, um,
than people who don't.
And I just don't believe that when we're in the midst of a drug addiction crisis
that we need to legalize another drug. Now, you know.
Clearly he's got a food addiction.
His food addiction is far more dangerous than marijuana.
Marijuana on a its own has killed no one ever half a
million people die every year from being a fat that's that's the facts.
Yeah. This guy is a part of a real death epidemic.
And if you were mean you would bring that up. This brings a
bank, robber size bag of EV and MSS to a football game. <laugh> I mean,
he's ridiculous. He's ridiculous.
Talking about marijuana and marijuana being a gateway drug,
the whole idea of it is stupid. Like smoke marijuana or don't smoke marijuana.
But the point is marijuana doesn't kill you. It's really that simple. Now,
if you're saying that marijuana causes you to do all sorts of other things,
you've got to have some direct pathway. Yeah.
That shows that it changes your inhibitions.
It changes the way you think about things that's never been done.
If anything,
what gets people to try drugs is when you tell them that marijuana's dangerous
and then they smoke marijuana. I go, this is. Ain't dangerous.
Not doing anything to me. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I feel great.
The next day's nothing wrong. All I did is eat a pizza. You know, I, I got,
I giggled. I watched a bunch of cartoons with my friends. We had a great time.
That is the disinformation aspect of it is more dangerous than the idea
that it's a CA some sort of a gateway.
I agree with all of that. Now I wanted to pounce when he said that,
but you have to understand this was his town hall. So I knew that I was,
first of all, I was gonna be shoved to the side very quickly anyway,
because there was a whole big line behind me. I.
Might be wrong about people clapping. They might have really clapped.
Yeah. Because he said it was wrong.
I'm sure some of the people in the room were there to see him.
And they agree with him because it was his town hall. Yeah. But, um,
I wanted to pounce, but I knew I can't really go back and forth.
Like it's a debate.
So what I did is whenever I knew could interject just a little bit,
I pushed him on it and you're gonna see that in a second. What is that weird.
Background with like a.
Bird it's a 1980s backdrop that they put up.
But what is it? What is it saying? It's like, it says.
Politicon it says Politicon on it with a weird, with a weird, uh, drawing.
It is weird, right? Yeah. Okay. Keep, you know.
People say, well, we have alcohol already.
We have alcohol already and all the rest of it. I get that. Uh,
but I wouldn't hear when we do iced alcohol, right. Would you ban or no,
I wouldn't ban it. You don't, you can't the toothpaste back the tube.
And that's a big,
important argument about marijuana because one it's you legalize this,
that toothpaste never goes back in the tube. You can't. So in California,
you tried it by the way, reason I know we can't do it is we tried it.
It was called prohibition and didn't work. Should ITT stay legal in California?
Cause it, well, I, I would listen.
I think the states have the right to do what they want to do on this. But,
but what I would tell you is that all legalization of marijuana
won't in my view, um,
alleviate or even minimize the opioid crisis. And in fact,
in some ways may add to it.
And I will also say that I almost never agree with the teacher's union in any
state anywhere,
but the Colorado education association has said this year
that the single biggest challenge for their members to educate
middle schoolers and high schoolers in Colorado as legalized marijuana,
that kids are coming with gummy bears and other type of edibles and they're high
in school. And that they're high, a good part of time.
And it's making it much more different, go.
For them to teach. Yeah. Cuz they're laughing all the time. <laugh>.
That's the Colorado education association. I'm sure at this very moment,
if they were watching would be appall to know that I agree with him, but I,
but I agree with him on that one.
And I respectfully disagree with your point of view.
Thank you, sir.
So he actually changed his position slightly because when he ran
for president said not only am I against marijuana being legal at a federal
level,
I wouldn't even let the individual states decide whether or not they want legal
marijuana. So in other words,
he would prosecute the states like Colorado and California that have legal
marijuana using federal law. And right there, he softened disposition slightly.
And he said, well, leave it up to the states and let them decide. So,
but don't you think that's because he knows he never be president. No,
I think he still wants to be president. Oh, there's no way. He,
I think he's gonna run again. No, I don't know if he's gonna run in 2020,
but 20, 24. No, I'm serious. First of all, the odd, the odds that,
that guy's gonna make it eight more years with that fair point.
Morbidly obese. Carcas he's moving his mind around with, I mean, isn't he,
he get a stapler, didn't he get his stomach suture. You know,
somebody pointed that out. I didn't know that. I never saw those stories.
I'm not denying that. It's true, but I just never heard it.
But if he did didn't work well, I had a friend who ate through two of those.
He, he, uh, when you're addict, that's what I'm saying anyway, about food.
He's addicted to food. That's like this, this is unquestionably.
He's an addict. Do you think anybody said that to him in his life or no? Look,
look how much thinner he got. Oh, okay. Okay. And he did this. Oh,
I guess he did this before the presidential race. Cuz he wanted to uh mm-hmm.
<affirmative> make it, but then he got fat again. Yeah mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So he was rot before he was like a,
a bag of water before and then, you know, he,
he trimmed himself down.
Yeah.
And it's funny because I don't think in any way he realizes the hypocrisy of
having his own, um, you know, issue with food and he would argue, Hey man,
let's I'm gonna eat what I want. It's a freedom choice.
But when it comes to freedom for somebody to decide,
to tweak their consciousness slightly,
all of a sudden he says you shouldn't be allowed to do that. Well.
That's what it's preposterous. The idea that you mean,
even with what he said about alcohol didn't make any sense. Like,
would you make alcohol illegal? Would we tried already? It's called prohibition.
Okay. But let's pretend that you had some sort of an,
to keep that from, you know, going sideways again,
let's start from the beginning. Would you want alcohol to be legal or not?
If you could wave your hand and,
and there would be no more problems that are alcohol associated,
would you do that and make it illegal versus give a
grown adult the possibility of deciding whether or not they want drink
or not.
Drink? Yeah. He's not being consistent in his logic.
That's the point is that he's willing to say, um, he's thinking.
About donuts, but.
He even <laugh> he even mentioned prohibition there mm-hmm <affirmative> but
that makes my point, not his point. Yes.
Because that's when the mafia got incredibly powerful because you pushed all the
alcohol sales underground and they all the power and the money as a result of
it. And that's when crime is shot through the roof.
So if you wanna decrease violent crime and the drug war. Yeah.